(Yuya)
Previously on Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V...
(Roget)
Attention all Sector
Security units...
enter the Duel Palace
and arrest Yuya, Jack
and the rest of
the traitors.
(Declan)
Enough tiptoeing around
it's time to end this
once and for all!
Ragnarok attack!
Show them who reigns supreme!
(Roget)
Who do these Lancers
think they are!
They're interference
is going to ruin everything!
(Yuya)
It's showtime, Jack!
A friend told me to dueltain
myway into the hearts of
everyone
in this city and that's
what I'm gonna do!
We'll see about that.
Let's duel!
(Sora)
We're in.
Saving Zuzu will be easier
than taking candy
from a baby...
(Roget)
This has been fun.
But this is the end...
for both of you.
There's something blocking
the road ahead‐‐ Ah!
It's Sector Security!
But no one's gonna put
the brakes on Jack!
(Roget) Attention:
Sector Security...
run Jack and Yuya off
the road!
I activate Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend's special ability!
It destroys all monsters...
including yours, Yuya!
Feel the heat!
(surprised gasp)
(screaming)
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Melissa)
Whoo‐eeee!
Jack just jackhammered all of
Sector Security with one
blast
from his Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend!
And now, Yuya's
in the line of fire!
(Jack) I'll admit it's
certainly been real, Yuya...
really disappointing that is!
(Melissa) Jack Atlas
just mish‐mashed
all o' security's
monsters,
meanin' Yuya's days of
duelin' are done for!
That's it!?
Yuya lost
the duel?
That can't be!
Let's wait til
the smoke clears.
I use this action spell to zip
past your flames, Jack,
so I'm still in the game.
(Melissa)
With quick thinkin'
and shrewd duelin'
Yuya pulled the fat
out o' the fire!
Yay!
Yuya made it!
Ah...
He had me
worried there.
Yuya's not out
of the woods yet.
(Jack)
You may have survived,
but your defense didn't.
Scarlight Red Archfiend...
turn up the heat!
Scorch Yuya
with Molten Crimson Flare!
(Melissa)
Jack's pourin'
on the punishment!
(grunting)
I'm activating
the action spell Double Draw!
When I take 2000
or more points of damage,
I get to draw two cards!
But it's two cards, too late!
There's no amount of cards
that can save you now,
but don't let that stop you!
I end my turn;
take your best shot!
Jack's still the top dog
here folks
and that's
why he's ourhero!
The hero for all
of New Domino City!
Jack will pay!
(Roget)
What is it?!
Director, we have
a situation!
Two unknown individuals
have infiltrated
our headquarters
andappear to be heading
towards Zuzu's cell!
They're taking down
all our guards!
Then send more!
Stop slacking, Moon Shadow.
I'm taking down
my fifth guard already!
For your information, Sora,
I have already taken down
my sixteenth.
(grunting)
There's still
a whole horde of 'em.
This may take a while.
Time that we do not have.
Roget has brainwashed all of
Security to serve him,
but maybe we can use
that to our advantage.
How are we gonna do that?
If they're all under
mind control,
perhaps we can turn them
all off at once if we can find
the master switch.
(Melissa)
Yuya's blasted past
some of Jack's
most blisterin'
attacks...
but does this youngin'
have anything left
in the tank?!
(Yuya)
I've been dueltaining my whole
life to bring smiles
to the crowd,
just like dad did.
Why not dueltain like only you
can instead of copying your dad.
Be you, Yuya!
(Yuya)
But is it true that
I haven't actually
learned anything
from my dad?
That I'm just copying him?
That I've never actually
dueled on my own?
Hurry up and make your move.
I mean your dad's move.
Unless of course you have
the guts to be your own man!
But that's
a long shot at best.
Jack...
I'm gonna beat you my way!
(Yuya)
I'll show him that I haven't
copied my dad;
I learned from him.
And I'll use those dueltaining
skills to show Jack
that I can win and bring
the crowd to their feet.
Watch your back, Jack!
Here goes...
I Pendulum
Summon!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
It's go time,
Timebreaker Magician!
Giddyup and go...
Performapal Radish Horse!
And here's a monster that
oughta jog your memories, Jack!
It's Tuning Magician!
(Tuning Magician laughing)
That's the card I gave him!
When I summon Tuning Magician,
you regain 400 life points
while I take 400
points of damage.
(grunts)
I know I know it sounds
crazy to give you
your life points back,
but by doing so,
I get to summon
Performapal Life Swordsman.
And since you got 400 life
points back,
I'm breathing some life
into my swordsman's
attack points.
You know why your dragon
is always so angry?
Because it's probably
not eating right.
So here's a radish to chew on.
But being healthy
has its downside.
It's less angry, so it has 500
fewer attack points..
Which transfer
over to my swordsman.
Jack, you think
that I haven't
improved my game at all,
but I have.
You didn't see these new
and improved moves coming.
Like Sam giving me his
Tuning Magician,
making my deck stronger.
Okay, prove it to me.
Let's see if all this talk
carries any weight
and can actually fuel you past
the Master of Faster!
You'll be in my rearview
mirror in no time
because I'm taking this duel
to a whole new level!
Tuning Magician tunes Radish
Horse and Timebreaker Magician!
I Synchro Summon!
Welcome to the battlefield,
Enlightenment Paladin!
(Yuya)
Welcome to the battlefield,
Enlightenment Paladin!
I can't believe Yuya
was able to use
my little Tuning Magician
to summon such
a powerful monster.
Enlightenment Paladin, enlighten
Jack on what you can do!
He lets me take Smile World
back from my graveyard!
Smile World was the key
to my dad's dueltaining,
and it's the key
to my dueltaining too.
And when the time's right,
it'll be the key...
to your defeat.
(Jack scoffs)
I tribute Performapal
Life Swordsman,
to raise Elemental Paladin's
attack points by 900!
Making Elemental Paladin
stronger than your dragon!
All right then...
Enlightenment Paladin,
bring the house down
on Red Dragon Archfiend!
(Enlightenment Paladin shrieks)
I play the trap Red Crystal
which prevents my dragon
from being destroyed by your
predictably pathetic play!
(Melissa)
Jack's life points
are gonna take a tumble
but his dragon is still
alive an' kickin'!
And Yuya's,
prob'ly kickin' himself
for not pullin' off
that attack.
Oh man...
I guess I have to end my turn.
And now that my turn's over,
your Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend
regains its attack points
while Enlightenment Paladin
loses his attack points.
(Sylvio)
It's like Yuya needs training
wheels or something.
Yuya is pulling out
all the stops in this battle,
but Jack's not slowing down
for a second,
he's just blasting
right through
like they're not even there.
Gong hopes Yuya's
got somethin' up his sleeve.
(Yuya)
My dad's dueltaining made
him a champion,
but my dueltaining's
just made me a chump.
Yuya, your dueltaining
is nothing...
but a joke.
A cheap rip‐off
of your dad's style.
Void of anything original.
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend
use your special ability
to wipe out Yuya's
Enlightenment Paladin!
I activate Performapal
Bubblebowwow's Pendulum
ability!
This pooch destroys itself
to stop your special ability!
That won't save you!
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend
bring the heat!
Roast his Enlightenment
Paladin with...
Molten Crimson Flare!
Nice try.
My other Pendulum monster
uses its special ability!
Go, Performapal Gumgumouton!
It pulls the wool over your
attack and stops it!
But you still take
damage, Yuya!
Life points that you can
ill afford to lose!
(Melissa)
Yuya's life points
are runnin' on fumes!
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
Using the abilities of your
Pendulum Monsters like that...
was the most original thing
you've done all duel.
(guards groaning)
(groaning)
(Moon Shadow)
Control room secure.
Hey check it out!
That's the mind
control system!
And I have just
the card to blow it up.
(distant explosion)
What was that blast?
Seems like there's a whole lot
going on outside of this cell.
I hope everyone's okay.
(Roget)
What's taking so long?
I ordered all Security forces
to apprehend the intruders
by any means necessary.
I don't know.
They were all heading
towards the control
center to apprehend them, but
they've suddenly stopped
following orders.
How absurd.
That must mean my mind control
system is now...
offline!
(beeping)
What am I doing here?
And what...
are they all doing here?
We aren't trick or treating!
(Melissa)
Wowza!
Looks like Jack and Yuya
aren't the only ones
tussling in town today!
(screaming)
This is one rumble
that's as feisty
as a hogtiedhedgehog.
Shay, Sylvio, and Gong,
please come with me.
Let's bring peace
back to the streets.
Does that mean you're gonna
take down the Commons?
That's horrible!
And a whole
lot o' mean.
Trust me, when they
get a sight of Sylvio
the superstar,
they'll drop their Duel Disks
and snap a selfie
with me.
Don't worry about
a thing, y'all.
Gong's on it.
We're not here to hurt
anybody, we're here to help.
And that's exactly what
we're all gonna do, I promise.
Just be sure
to have some snacks
ready for me
when I get back.
And Terron, please don't
eat all the donuts.
Saving this city is hungry work.
(Yuya)
Jack actually gave me
a compliment.
Using the abilities of your
Pendulum Monsters like that...
was the most original thing
you've done all duel.
The most original
thing I did all duel...
Someone's gotta step up
and do something new.
You opened the door
to Pendulum Summoning!
Oh, yeah!
I was the first ever
to Pendulum Summon
and that was pretty
original too.
I mean, I've dueltained
all my life,
but Pendulum Summoning
is something unique to me.
So when Jack said that I
haven't been really
dueltaining
in my own unique style,
he was right.
Because my own unique style
isn't just dueltaining,
it's swinging things my way like
no one has ever done before!
It's time to show you
how I, and only I, can duel!
You had better
not disappoint me, Yuya.
Now get on with it already!
It's my turn... my way!
I'm setting the Pendulum Scale
with Performapal Gumgumouton
and Xiangke Magician!
I'm taking control
of this duel starting now!
I can summon as many Level 2
monsters as I want.
Swing far Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Let's hear it
for Performapal Cheermole!
And here's something...
all new!
And now Level 8 Enlightenment
Paladin tunes my Level 2
Performapal Cheermole!
Have you lost your mind?
Enlightenment Paladin
isn't a Tuner Monster.
(Yuya)
That's where you're wrong!
There's a monster
I can Synchro Summon
only after I Pendulum Summon!
This is something unique
that only I can do!
Unbelievable!
Now I Synchro Summon!
Nirvana High Paladin!
(grunts)
(gasps)
(Melissa)
Well, dunk my bucket!
Somehow, someway, Yuya Sakaki
has showed us
something no onehas
ever laid eyes on!
Ah, so you're finally
dueling your way.
It's about time you showed up.
Nirvana High Paladin...
attack Red Dragon Archfiend!
Elysium Elimination!
Well done,
but not too well done.
Your attack activated
my trap King Scarlet.
Not only does it protect
my dragon from destruction,
but King Scarlet also transforms
into a Tuner Monster!
What do you have planned, Jack?
(Frankie)
This duel's amazing!
(Terron)
Jack and Yuya are awesome!
(Amanda)
Neither one
of them's backing down!
The only way this could be
better is if I were dueling.
This is the finest final ever.
(man)
Yuya rules!
(man 2) Yeah, get 'im, Jack!
So you've finally found
your voice, Yuya.
Too bad you found it too late.
It's over!
Now!
I summon the tuner monster
Mirror Resonator!
He has two tuner monsters?
Wonder what Jack's
plannin'?
(gasps)
And I wonderif it
involves anything
to avoid thatdeep drop!
Look out!
I blaze my own trail...
in life and in dueling!
Now my King Scarlet and my
Mirror Resonator both tune
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend!
Woah, both of 'em?
(all)
No way!
(Jack Atlas)
Together these monsters
will call forth
an absolute power
destined to rule
this duel!
Now I Synchro Summon!
Bow down and tremble in terror
before Tyrant Red Dragon
Archfiend!
(roaring)
(Jack Atlas)
Bow down and tremble in terror
before Tyrant Red Dragon
Archfiend!
(Melissa)
Yee hah, Jack's newest
dragon is scarier
than a scarecrow
and hotter than a habanero!
I can hardly believe
what I'm seeing!
Just when Yuya steps up his
game, Jack steps his up too!
Yuya and Jack
are certainly
bringing out the best
in one another.
A champion might rest
on his laurels
when he reaches
the top.
But a true champion never
stops honing his skills,
because for a true champion,
there isn't a top.
Now, my tyrant's special
ability activates!
It destroys all your cards!
Including your Pendulum Cards!
Absolute Power Inferno!
Oh, my!
That sure was a
clean sweep!
But my field won't
stay empty for long
thanks toHighPaladin's
special ability!
When Nirvana High Paladin
is destroyed,
it reappears
in my Pendulum Zone!
That won't help you!
Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend,
attack Yuya directly
and end this duel!
Molten Crimson Tide!
I'm activating
the action spell Evasion,
so I can evade your attack!
It won't work, Yuya.
You see, you're not allowed
to play spells
when Tyrant Red Dragon
Archfiend is attacking!
And your little
misdemeanor
increases my dragon's
attack points by 500,
not that I needed it.
There's no way you can
out clever me!
Because, by stopping
my spell,
I get to summon
Acrobatic Magician
from my hand in defense mode
to protect my life points!
Then you leave me no choice
by to have my tyrant
make your
magician disappear!
(Yuya)
When my magician
is destroyed,
it goes to my
Pendulum Zone too,
so now my Pendulum Scale
is once again set!
Heh.
So you bought
yourself another turn.
But all you're doing
is delaying the inevitable.
You think you
have the upper hand,
but the way
I'm dueling now,
I don't think anyone
can beat me.
I'm actually glad
to hear you say that.
At first you just followed
in your father's footsteps.
But now, you're creating
your own path.
Create my own path?
Your father dueltained
the only way he knew how
and now you've started to duel
the only way you know how.
You're taking dueltaining
and Pendulum Summoning,
the very best of both worlds
and combining
the two of them into one.
(Yuya thinking)
So that's what Jack meant.
That I was only copying
what my dad was doing,
not really learning and weaving
it into my own style.
And that's what I should have
been doing with everyone
I ever dueled.
Learning from them to create
my own style of dueling.
That's just what
I'm gonna do...
to win this duel...
They've all helped me to
become the duelist that I am.
And I know they're out there
right now doing everything
they can to save this city.
To restore peace and bring calm
to all the chaos.
To help those in need
and bring friends back
together again...
To right the wrongs
no matter the odds.
And with all of their help,
I'm going to defeat you!
Since I already built
my Pendulum Scale...
My Scale 2
Acrobatic Magician
and Scale 8 Nirvana High Paladin
are set in my Pendulum Zone!
And now I can summon monsters
between Level 3 and Level 7
all at the same time!
Swing far pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
Wow, that's quite the crew.
Whoo‐ee.
Well done, Yuya!
Awright!
Hurray!
Yuya!
Awesome!
(shocked gasping)
Get ready!
Because I've saved
the best for last!